Emergency release for CVE-2023-3519 (#10159)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/waf/change-log/2023-08-01---emergency-release.md

---
title: 2023-08-01 - Emergency
type: table
pcx_content_type: changelog
weight: 859
layout: list
---

# 2023-08-01- Emergency Release

{{<table-wrap>}}
<table style="width: 100%">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Ruleset</th>
      <th>Rule ID</th>
      <th>Legacy Rule ID</th>
      <th>Description</th>
      <th>Previous Action</th>
      <th>New Action</th>
      <th>Comments</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
       <tr>
      <td>Cloudflare Specials</td>
      <td>...63d65c25</td>
      <td>100594</td>
      <td>Citrix Netscaler ADC - Remote Code Execution - CVE:CVE-2023-3519</td>
      <td>N/A</td>
      <td>Log</td>

>       <td>This rule is released as Log Mode, will be toggled to blocking on 7th August, 2023</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>This rule is released in Log mode; it will be toggled to Block on 2023-08-07</td>
```
